# TheGamingRoom
The software design document for The Gaming Room

Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? The Gaming Room is a client who has developed a game called Draw It or Lose It that is currently available only as an Android app. The client wants to create a web-based version of the Android app that can work on multiple platforms. In the application, the game shows images as clues to the team (players) where the players have to guess the puzzle. The game will have four rounds of a minute each with each drawing loaded at a constant rate with a 30-second time frame for the drawing to be completed. If the team that is currently going does not guess the puzzle, then the opposing team will be given 15 seconds to solve the puzzle. The requirements are the game must be able to have one or more teams involved, the game and names of the teams must be unique, only one instance of a game can exist in memory at any given time, and each team must have multiple players.

What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? I think I did well on the evaluation portion of my document. I was able to break down and discuss the difference between each OS very thoroughly and well.

What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? The process of working through a design document was helpful because I was able to lay out the software requirements, the design constraints, and a domain model that was made using a UML diagram. All these elements helped when building the code allowing me to be able to see what was needed without having to utilize multiple resources to find my answers.

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? If I could choose one part of my document to revise it would be the recommendation portion. There are improvements that I could make to better explain why I was recommending Windows without my sentences feeling as if I was just stating the same information repeatedly.

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? I was able to interpret and implement the user's needs in my software design by taking into consideration the requirements for the software and the design alongside what the game already had. I put myself in the shoes of the user to be able to think about what was required. This is important to consider and implement the users' needs because the user is the client and if you are able to create an amazing experience for the client, then word can be spread about the product. This can create more business and determine if the product was a success or not.

How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? The approach I took when designing the software was utilizing the software design temple. The techniques/ strategies that I would use in the future will be an object-oriented design alongside utilizing the design template so it is easier to separate and group the coding together making it easier for the code to be changed and the ability to be added on to.
